diffrence between promise and observable

1.
Promise-  Emit single value
observable- Emit multiple values over pariod of time

2.
promise -not Lazy
observable- Lazy.An obervable is not called util we subscribe to Obervable.


validation

 we can use FormGroup,validator for validation in Reactive form


interceptor



1. Angular is a javascript binding framework which binds the HTML UI 
and Javascript Model.

2. Directive in angular
 	1.  Directives are angular syntaxes which we write inside the HTML
	2. NgModel,Hidden,value is directive
	3.Directive changes the behaviour of HTML
 

 
3.Type of Directive in agular

SAC- structural ,Attribute and component directive

Structural- changes the DOM of HTMl layout by adding and removing elements
eg. <tr *NgFor="let temp of SalesModelObject" >

Attribute- changes the appearance and behaviour of HTML elements
           eg. hide and show div
          <Div [hidden]="hide()">Hello</div>
Component- Directives with templates.Its like a user control.
           which has its own HTMl templates and own code.


4. Importance of NPM and Node_Modules

NPM package manager which help us to makes installation of javascript framework

"Node_modules" is folder where all the packages are installed.

5.Importance of Package.json file in angular
   it has all the javacript refereneces needed for the project.
6.what is typescript

  Typescript is superset of javascript.It added types to Javascript
   
8.Angular CLI
    Angular CLI is a command line interface by which we can create 
    initial Angular project Template.
    so rather than starting from scratch we have some boiler plate code.

9. Component and module in agular
   component is place where we write code to bind View and module
   while module is group of components

10.What is decorator in agular
   Decorator defines what kind of angular class is it.
   for example if you decorate "@Component" then it say its an Angular component,If put
   "@NgModule" it becomes a Angular Module.


11. what is Annotation and metadata
     It is same like decorator

12.What is template in Angular
    Template is an HTMl view of Angular in which we can write directives
     we can define the template in two way 
     1. separate HTML file which we give in template URL in component
     2. template inline

13. diffrent types of data binding in Angular 
        Data binding is how view and component communicate each other.
        
   1. expression or an Interpolation binding {{}}
        data flow from component to view
        eg. {{customerObject.customerId}}
   2. Properties Binding []
        data flow from component to view
        

    3. event binding  ()
       when you want to send event from View to component

            eg. (Click)="Toggle()"
      
    4. Two way Binding [()]
          we can send data from component to view and view to controller
      
        eg. [(ngModel)]="CustomerObj.CustomerId"

14.explain the architecture of angular
     7 pillar of in Angular Architecture

       1.Template- The HTML view of Angular
       2.Component- Bind the view and model
       3.Modules- Groups components logically
       4.Bindings- Define how view and component communicate.
       5.Directive- Changes the HTML DOM behaviour.
       6.services- Helps to share common logic across the project.
       7.DI-Dependency injection helps to inject instance across constructor.

15.SPA

   Single page Application-
   single page application are application where the main UI gets loaded once and then the Needed UI is loaded on demand.
   Routig help us for SPA
   Routing is simple collection which has two things URL and when this URL is called which componet to load.
   
  

16.how to implement rounting in angular
  
implement rounting need three things
   1. router collection
   2. router outlet
   3.routerLink

17. lazy loading
    lazy loading means on demad loading.
    Loading only the neccessary HTML,CSS and javascript files so that you have better performance.

18.how can i implement lazy loading in agular
    1. we need the project into separate module
       eg. customer module and Home module.
  2. use loadChildren in route collection 

19. service 
    services helps you to share common logic across angular project.

20.Dependency Injection
Depenedency injection is application design pattern where rather than creating object instance from within component.
Angular Inject it via the constructor.

 21. how to create dependency injection in angular

   In Ngmodule class we have Providers collection and inside the providers collection write provide
 
22. what is benifit of using dependency injection
     Dependency injection helps to decouple class dependencies, so that you add new dependencies you do not have change everywhere.

23.diffrenece between ngServe and ngBuild
     ng Serve build inmemory while ngBuild on hardisk. for production build you have to do ng build

24. what is ng build --prod flag compresses you JS file ,remove comments
