Toics to cover

deployment application of spring boot in docker swarm

Java 8
1.feature
2.map,filter,predicate,flatmap
3.double predicate
4.reduce
5.Optional why we use Optional
6.doublepredicate
7.concat two list result in one list
8.design pattern in java

Springboot
1.Diffrent annotation in spring boot
2.@Springboot work
3.

Docker swarm

Docker swarm is orchestration tool that comes with docker. it take container as service and it deployed them in cluster or swarm.

	It provide all the orchestration services as

	1. auto scaling

	2.fault Tolerant

	3.Rolling update

	4.Auto Discovery

	5.Load Balancing




1.Software require 

  Docker and minikube

2 .Docker image

from openjk:8-jdk-alpine
ARG JAR_FILE=build/libs/*.jar
COPY ${JAR_FILE} APP.JAR
ENTRYPOINT["java","-jar","/app.jar"]


3. build the image

docker build -t insuranceimage_tagname .


3. run the Image

   docker run -p 8080:8080 insuranceimage_tagname .

4.  push image to docker hub

  1. tag

  docker tag insuranceimage_tagname rajesh210189/respositoryname:insuranceimage_tagname


5.push image to docker hub
 docker push rajesh210189/couponservice:insuranceimage_tagname

  3.before push we need to login 
     docker login -u username
     then password enter

Now u can push the docker image

docker push rajesh210189/couponservice:insuranceimage_tagname


6. Deploy application on kubernatis

1. check the services in kubernatis
   kubectl get services
2. configMap- we need for database schema

A Kubernetes volume is a directory that contains data accessible to containers in a given Pod in the orchestration and scheduling platform.
mouthPath we mentioned the path where data is stored in the container.

7. Secrets-
  A Secret is an object that contains a small amount of sensitive data such as a password, a token, or a key. 

  Deployment.yml
 we mentioned valume for database and aslo pull image and moutpath information
  1. pull the image
  2. mentioned the number of replicas

service.yml
  we write file for access the sql from outside the cluster
   using Nodeport information


8.Deploy application in kubernatis cluster

   1. delete the cluster
       
         minikuber delete
    2. start cluster
        minikube

9. then run below command to deploy and run application in kubernates cluster

   kubectl create -f docker-mysql-configmap.yml,docker-mysql-deployment.yml,docker-mysql-service.yml

  
  1.check confignmap by 

          kubectl get configMaps

 
  2.check pods by 

          kubectl get pods 


  3.check services by 

          kubectl get services

  4.check deployement by 

          kubectl get deployement


10. Kubernatis use for big cluster

11.how to check logs in kubernates
   kubectl log podname 
   kubectl logs <container name>










